datasharing - Redshift adapter (#8920)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## April 2026

> - **New**: The Redshift adapter now supports a `datasharing` profile credential on the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> **Latest** release track. When set to `true`, dbt uses Redshift's native `SVV_*` system views (for example, `SVV_ALL_TABLES`, `SVV_ALL_COLUMNS`, `SVV_ALL_SCHEMAS`) for metadata queries instead of PostgreSQL catalog tables, enabling cross-database and cross-cluster access with [Redshift Datasharing](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/datashare-overview.html). For more information, refer to [Redshift setup](/docs/local/connect-data-platform/redshift-setup#datasharing-credential).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New**: The Redshift adapter now supports a `datasharing` profile credential on the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> **Latest** release track. When set to `true`, dbt uses Redshift's native `SHOW` commands (for example, `SHOW TABLES`, `SHOW COLUMNS`, `SHOW SCHEMAS`) for metadata queries instead of PostgreSQL catalog tables, enabling cross-database and cross-cluster access with [Redshift Datasharing](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/datashare-overview.html). For more information, refer to [Redshift setup](/docs/local/connect-data-platform/redshift-setup#datasharing).
```
